I would like to address something that
I've been having to deal with for quite
some time this is an issue that I faced
on an almost daily basis and this week
I've had to deal with it even more
because we're in New York
people frequently confused me with
someone else with another person who a
person who isn't me and so as a public
service to me and to the other person I
got in touch with him and we made a
video together that hopefully will clear
this little headache up once and for all
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I'm Jimmy Fallon
but some people think I'm Jimmy Kimmel
and some people think I'm Jimmy Fallon
and it's causing a lot of problems for
us at the airport so we decided to make
a quick video to explain who's who and
what's what and we understand why people
get us confused with the names mm-hmm we
both wear suits both have shows both
have dark hair
both white guys which is not as exciting
as it used to be different yeah but the
truth is we're very different Jimmy's in
a lot of ways for instance I was born in
Brooklyn New York oh I was born in
Brooklyn too okay so not a great example
by me but we're different
like what did Jimmy Fallon have for
breakfast today I had oatmeal with baby
carrots on top that's what I have but
that's a pretty common breakfast tell me
okay count of three name your five
favorite breakfast cereals ready sure go
Froot Loops Lucky Charms across the
place Count Chocula Trix what well
they're very popular breakfast cereals
so that's an area where it's like uh
like pizzas everyone's favorite for
lunch well it certainly is mine why - I
love pizza
I'm wearing Pizza underpants right now
do this like you
[Music]
no way
nipples did you say nipple mm-hmm why
would you say that oh I say it all the
time it's here
nipples have you had a DNA test cuz I
just did a 23andme yeah I have actually
hmm turns out I'm a hundred percent that
high five on that sorry
high fiving I'm better high five me too
I mean yesterday I had tried a high five
some a poke the lady in the eye wait a
minute was she about this tall Russian
lady yes I poked her other eye for my
moon oh hold on
I know how we're different do you
believe the earth is flat I know it's
fine
I walk on it holy stick it on a
1982 Pontiac Grand Am that was your
first car too
when I was a baby I absorbed my twin
brother in the womb so didn't I his name
is Larry Oh mine was Lawrence oh my god
who are you I don't know do you have any
tattoos one we both have a tattoo of her
to give us don't think I'm starting to
understand why this is so hard for
everybody we're like the same person I
mean unless you like Matt Damon oh no he
is the biggest loser in the world
can I see you in the bathroom for a
second hey I'm gonna show you something
you have a small penis - yeah a message
from the Church of Jesus Christ of
latter-day saints
I still can't balance a bar well thanks
to Jimmy Fallon
for me or whichever one of us hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT allowed to eat
this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry